[docs] add the word "email" (#10524)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/mail-composer.md

import PlatformsSection from '~/components/plugins/PlatformsSection';
import Video from '~/components/plugins/Video'

> **`expo-mail-composer`** allows you to compose and send mail (email or e-mail) quickly and easily using the OS UI. This module can't be used on iOS Simulators since you can't sign into a mail account on them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**`expo-mail-composer`** allows you to compose and send emails quickly and easily using the OS UI. This module can't be used on iOS Simulators since you can't sign into a mail account on them.
```
